= ruby-warning

ruby-warning adds custom processing for warnings, including the
ability to ignore specific warning messages, ignore warnings
in specific files/directories, and add custom handling for all
warnings in specific files/directories.

ruby-warning requires ruby 2.4+, as previous versions of ruby do
not support custom processing of warnings.

= Installation

  gem install warning

= Source Code

Source code is available on GitHub at https://github.com/jeremyevans/ruby-warning

= Usage 

By default, requiring the library does not make changes to how ruby processes
warnings, it just adds methods that allow you to customize the processing.

<tt>Warning.ignore</tt> takes a regexp and optionally a path prefix, and ignores
any warning that matches the regular expression if it starts with the path
prefix.  It can also take a symbol or an array of symbols, and will use an
appropriate regexp.  The supported symbols are:

* :ambiguous_slash
* :bignum
* :fixnum
* :method_redefined
* :not_reached
* :uninitialized_instance_variable
* :unused_var

<tt>Warning.process</tt> takes an optional path prefix and a block, and if the
warning string starts with the path prefix, it calls the block with the warning
string instead of performing the default behavior. You can call
<tt>Warning.process</tt> multiple times and it will operate intelligently,
choosing the longest path prefix that the string starts with.

<tt>Warning.clear</tt> just clears the current ignored warnings and warning
processors.

By using path prefixes, it's fairly easy for a gem to set that specific warnings
should be ignored inside the gem's directory.

Note that path prefixes will not correctly handle warnings raised by
<tt>Kernel#warn</tt>, unless the warning message given to <tt>Kernel#warn</tt>
starts with the filename where the warning is used.

= Examples

  # Ignore all uninitialized instance variable warnings
  Warning.ignore(/instance variable @\w+ not initialized/)

  # Ignore all uninitialized instance variable warnings in current file
  Warning.ignore(/instance variable @\w+ not initialized/, __FILE__)

  # Ignore all uninitialized instance variable warnings in current file
  Warning.ignore(:uninitialized_instance_variable, __FILE__)

  # Ignore all Fixnum and Bignum warnings in current file
  Warning.ignore([:fixnum, :bignum], __FILE__)

  # Write warning to LOGGER at level warning
  Warning.process do |warning|
    LOGGER.warning(warning)
  end

  # Write warnings in the current file to LOGGER at level error
  Warning.process(__FILE__) do |warning|
    LOGGER.error(warning)
  end

= License

MIT

= Author

Jeremy Evans <code@jeremyevans.net>
